---
categories: ["Family"]
date: 2016-02-28T10:15:09-07:00
description: ""
draft: false
slug: ""
tags: ["adoption", "mireille", "travel"]
title: Two Days on the Hill
---

# Preamble

I briefly considered titling this "Mr. Grady Goes to Washington," but I didn't
like it for a couple of reasons. First, I don't really think of myself as
Mr. Grady. And more importantly, I have never really seen the movie, and I hate
giving false information.

This is a story about a number of things... Adoption, politics, travel, weather...
Hold on to your seats, and grab some NoDoze. This might get boring!

## History

If you aren't familiar with our situation, we've been in the process of
adopting our daughter, Mireille, from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC)
since April of 2013. In September of that year, the Congolese instituted a
suspension on the issuance of exit permits, a document that must accompany any
person seeking to leave the Congo. Their suspension was reported to last
up to 12 months while they reviewed their internal processes surrounding
adoption. That suspension remains in effect today, two and a half years later.

During the suspension, the Congolese court system continued to issue adoption
decrees. We received ours on October 10, 2013 (two weeks after the suspension
went into effect), and many, many more families ended up in the same spot.
**Stuck**. At one point there were, anecdotally, somewhere around 2000 cases that
were suspended to families world-wide, 1000 of which were US bound cases.
Today there are somewhere in the neighborhood of 400 cases bound for the US
that continue to be stuck. If you want to know what happened to the others,
you will need to buy me a beer sometime.

After the year long suspension came and went with no activity and no timeline or
indication that it would be lifted, a group of parents decided that enough was
enough. These early trailblazers began interacting with Congress immediately.
A group of parents along with an advocacy group made a trip to the hill and
implored our government to intervene in specific ways. That trip brought
awareness to the situation, but little could be done as it was a tricky
from an international relations perspective. With so many things going on in
the world, this seemed a minor blip that would likely resolve itself in the
course of time.

The State Department has been involved from the very beginning. Early on they
were somewhat less active, but as the crisis continued, they engaged more and
more, though their hands were somewhat tied. They had no power to directly
affect the Congolese government - they could really only make recommendations
to Congress and ensure that a constant diplomatic cadence was followed.

As the months turned to years, the parents that initially began talking with
Congress continued. Without relent. Jenny and I joined their voices last fall
after moving to Colorado. At that point it had been 2 years with very little
movement...

Last March, President Barack Obama himself was having a direct dialog with
President Joseph Kabila, the DRC's democratically elected president. Mr.
Kabila is coming up on the end of his second elected term in office. By
Congolese law spelled out in their very young constitution, he is required to
step down. As is the fashion with modern day Central African Presidents, it
appears that Mr. Kabila really doesn't want to abide by this law. This is, of
course, all conjecture, but it seems pretty widely accepted by the International
community as what is going on. I don't really know the content of the call from
our president to theirs, but I can only imagine it had something to do with
"hey, make sure you do what your constitution says you should do, that would
make you look really cool." What we did hear, though, is that at the end of the
call, President Obama mentioned the adoption issue very directly. Very shortly
after that, things began to (finally) move in a positive direction.

In April, the Congolese announced that they had formed a commission to review
the stuck cases and would sort them into lists, the group of cases that were
complete and legal and could be issued exit letters, a group of cases that had
"minor anomalies," like missing signatures or paperwork, and a third group where
they deemed some sort of fraud may be involved. They committed to having those
three lists completed and have the first list mobilized by the end of summer.

Summer here came and went. I guess I don't know when summer is in the Congo -
they are fairly equatorial, but by the end of summer, nothing had transpired.

The two year anniversary came and went, and rumors flew around. But the
group of parents continued to persist with the government. In November, the
Congolese finally released a list. This one included 69 cases on it across the
world, 13 of which were US bound cases. Those children were (eventually)
issued exit letters and are now all home. But shortly after that list was
released, the Congolese informed everybody that the commission was shut down
and they wouldn't be reviewing any more cases.

Rumors, again, flew around. Some said that they reviewed all 1000+ cases and only
69 passed muster. That was a rough rumor. The other rumor that I believe has
been substantiated, and is the one I like to believe, is that they reviewed
100 cases, and of those 100, 69 passed muster. One way or the other, no more
children were being allowed to leave legally.

In January, a group of Congressmen led by Wisconsin Representative Reid Ribble
and the Chairmen of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, California
Representative Ed Royce, along with five other Congressmen and their staff,
embarked on what apparently is called a CoDel, a Congressional Delegation to
Kinshasa, the capital city of the DRC, to discuss this issue and this issue
only with their government officials.

Whatever happened during that trip, it suddenly became clear that the
Congolese had hit their breaking point and they swiftly reinstated the
commission to continue reviewing cases.

Last Friday, on February 19, 2016, they released their first list of approved
cases bound to US families. The list included 159 children. 210 children
remain unexplained and undocumented on any released list.

## Why DC?

As I've mentioned, there was a largish group of very dedicated parents that
have been in constant contact with Senators and Representatives from the very
start. This trip was planned by them along with an advocacy group,
[Love Grows Kids](http://www.lovegrowskids.org/home.html), and some very
capable and passionate lawyers who have been assisting on organizing our
thoughts, giving them legal credence, and just giving general, overall support
in an otherwise excruciatingly tough time.

Given the history, 2.5 years waiting, and the several starts and stops (I will
post some of our materials shortly), some folks decided that it was time to get
in front of our Representatives and Senators and make sure this issue was
still on their radar.

Some very capable parent advocates along with the fine attorneys at Love Grows
Kids put together some packets, then organized a group of some 80 parents to
converge on Washington DC on February 23 and 24 to meet with our government
on the hill.

All families were encouraged to reach out to their representatives and to
schedule meetings with the Congressmen themselves, ideally, or with their staffers,
minimally. I reached out to the three CO staffers with whom I've been
communicating for the last six months and coordinated the meetings, and other
parents did the same.

We were then separated into groups and paired up with other families and
a facilitator from LGK and the schedules were built.

Clearly this adventure started well before the actual trip. The remainder of
this story revolves around the tactical meetings themselves. I may someday
post more about my personal feelings and our experiences with this whole ordeal,
but this is already getting REALLY LONG, so I'm going to try to focus.

## Denver International Airport, CO - 2016.02.22, 9:15 AM

This trip made me nervous. I haven't really been that involved with other parents
in our situation. Jenny has handled the social media aspect of this over the
last several years, so the introvert in me was terrified of going and meeting with
a bunch of people that I've never met before and spending two days with them.

But - it made sense for me to do it. Jenny handles most of the boys' schedules
and my cousin lives very near where the meetings were, and I generally don't
mind flying while Jenny isn't so keen on it - so I did my familial duty and
got on the plane.

I had an indication that I may have luck as evidenced by the fact that they
had Pepsi Max in the sundry market at the airport!

{{< picture title="Pepsi Max!" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/00P2L1XGfXfOqseFd8eNLLa00WsH-zCCCBrfFfteFn3bvOK4nGnTGEwwQN90cUHYIfdo8qq0oKXb1w=w772-h1372-no" >}}

Maybe you don't know why that might be lucky, but in my experience, it's
difficult to come by Pepsi Max in 20 oz single-serve bottles outside of
convenience stores, and even those are hit or miss. For goodness sake, 7-11
doesn't even have it!!! So when I saw that, for some reason, I had an idea that
things were going to be OK.

## Reagan National Airport, Washington DC - 2016.02.22, 4:45 PM

The flight was nothing exciting. We left a little late, but made up some time
in the air. All told I was about 30 minutes late in landing at Reagan National
Airport in DC at 4:45 local time. Since it was rush hour, and my cousin and
her husband work, the plan was to hop on the Metro with my luggage and
meander my way somewhere near their place. I was a little nervous about riding
with a bug suitcase, but it was extraordinarily easy to navigate the Metro
after having experience on several other occasions and having done some
studying prior to getting there. I even had to change trains, and it still
only took me 20 minutes to get to the Eastern Market station where I would
get out and walk the rest of the way.

{{< picture title="At the Metro outside of Reagan National" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/IdLPZBiR1eDC04mVK0Ed6WTX34k0H4SHakKksgwP1wbjdYnvTb0zQSV1ZZqWrXYmQwbtc4eyN46-ag=w1830-h1372-no" >}}

Upon exiting the subway station, I was immediately reminded of just how big an
area this was! There was a five piece jazz band performing at the top of the
stairway, in the rain, and they were excellent! Even going through the subway
reminded me of just the massive number of people who lived and worked here. Any
time I think Denver is a big city I need to remember what a real big city looks
like... Denver's kind of a medium sized city...

After a short walk towards Elaine and Alan's house, I found out that Alan was
waiting for me back at the subway station and that our lines of communication
had not worked in our favor. I texted and made him aware of my location and
he managed to find me along the roadside and drove me the rest of the way to
their house.

My gracious hosts cooked a delicious supper for us and also invited my other
DC area cousin, Molly and her new boyfriend Adam to spend the evening with us.
It went by in a blur, but it was really nice to have some time to catch up with
everybody and to learn a new way to play Pokemon from Elaine's 10 year old son.

# Day 1

## Starbucks on Pennsylvania Ave, Washington DC - 2016.02.23, 8:30 AM

I awoke and made myself ready for my first day as a quasi-lobbyist. As I headed
outside to Starbucks, I was greeted with an all too familiar site for me when
it comes to DC - it was raining! The last time I was out here for fall break
vacation a couple of years ago, it rained constantly the entire time we were
there - oh, and the government was shut down, so we didn't really even get to
do any of the cool free museums or anything. Not our best trip.

{{< picture title="Rain in DC - look familiar!??" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/LFpVGA7ADdKAaMgE8tPV-Peqw1DSRJr5jgELkkYjvgdZoTm0BRFcB5sFmo2x2RoJTZSJPauy00C9OA=w1830-h1372-no" >}}

I headed out on foot to walk the mile or so to the Starbucks where we were to
meet. I really enjoy walking around cities, a theme you will no doubt see
unfold as this essay moves along. DC is a particularly cool place to walk.
The old buildings, the grandiose architecture, the marble... It is truly a
spectacle. I imagined to myself the thought process around designing this
city and these buildings, clearly meant to strike fear or awe in all those
that visit. I was certainly awe-struck...

After my walk I arrived at Starbucks about 30 minutes prior to the arranged
meeting time with my group. It was a small Starbucks about 2 blocks from the
House of Representatives Office Building where we were to spend our day meeting
with members of Congress. It would have likely been easy to spot the people in
my group, but the introvert in me had me huddle up on my own with a breakfast
sandwich and a chai tea and go through e-mails until the last possible minute.

By 9:00, though, introvert or not, I am schedule oriented, and I wasn't going
to be late, so I gathered my stuff and headed into the main part of the shop
to meet up with my new friends.

## My group

Being there were originally 80 some people that were scheduled to take part in
this exercise, the organizers decided it would be best to split them into groups.
All told, the final number was somewhere closer to 50 people, but still a good
show of force.

As I gathered my rain coat, laptop bag, chai tea, and umbrella, I rounded the
corner into the main seating area to try to figure out who I was meeting.
Luckily one of the moms that joined us, Heidi, is someone that Jenny and I had
already met. Heidi is actually from Colorado, in fact she and her husband live in
Aurora only about 5 miles from where we live...

She was sitting with Shannon, a woman from Illinois. Both were still waiting,
just like we were. After a few minutes, Amy, from California, and Krysta joined
us. Krysta is from the Seattle area and had actually already brought kids home
from the DRC from a prior list. The fact that she was joining us in DC even
after this issue was resolved for her family spoke volumes about the caliber of
people I was dealing with here. Not to get too much into her story, but she was
fairly amazing in the fact that she had relocated to the DRC to live with her
children there, even living in a group home with them for a long period of time.
All told she lived there for almost 2 years before they allowed her to bring her
family home to finally live with their father and US siblings...

{{< picture title="Group 1!" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/iJz7ihaG5tkU4fzmMOJIJHNo-h0IiC2DFf7uRCVGetzBqxxhEKRao3EEiFvX7suCUaTqe2Fs77-C2g=w353-h265-no" >}}

After some pleasantries, we went over our general plan of action when we were
in the meetings, then headed out through the rain to the House Office Buildings
where we met our facilitator, Chad from the aforementioned Love Grows Children
group, then ultimately to our first meeting of the day.

## Our asks

Though I don't feel it would be appropriate to go into details for fear it
could be used against us ultimately, I will state that we had three clearly
defined asks of the government. Our lawyers did an excellent job of outlining
the legal frameworks that made the asks reasonable, even if they were
unprecedented. They were also framed in such a way that they were
difficult to disagree with. With the recent developments, the last thing we
want to happen is for the current successes to be jeopardized because of rash
action. However, we also can't get through this period of relative progress
only to find that we are again stuck and with no new ideas or options for
our next move.

The announcement of the 159 cases being given permission to obtain an exit
letter came after the trips had already been planned. It didn't really soften
the dialog, however. In fact, it may have strengthened it as it played along
very nicely historically with how these things have unfolded in the past two
and a half years.

## Washington Representatives

{{< picture title="Outside our first meeting" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/B6-xrCWgZOSLVPP-8QErNEuRs8rYGqNdIa2KMCgNuPkUC_E3ai20kcVLxREU9VuJDYtAhHhV7btq1Q=w1830-h1372-no" >}}

Our first meeting was with two staffers from Congressman David Reichert and
one other Congressman's office.
They were both relatively knowledgable about the subject already, so there was
less in the line of education and more in the line of humanizing the issue.
Each of the prospective parents gave their story. Many tears were shed. I went
last, after Krysta, who is a Washington resident, and who is an amazing
speaker - very well spoken, very driven, and having very clear goals and a
good way to get to those results. I would quickly learn that I shouldn't go
after her in subsequent meetings!

Vowing not to tear up, I failed in every aspect at this meeting. There's
something to talking about this topic among a group of people
for the first time, particularly this group of people. Well, I am not
too big a man to admit that I cried like a little baby while fumbling through
my story. I wish I could say I thought it was effective, but I think I rambled
so much that the impact it might have otherwise had was lost. That and I think
the staffers thought me to be a big sissy boy...

The main thing that struck me was how well spoken these women in my group
really were. I was somewhat ill prepared, both on an emotional as well as an
educational level. It would take me another day to rectify that, but I came back
much stronger the second day!

## New Hampshire

Next up was a Congressman from New Hampshire - actually a Congresswoman, but I can't
recall the name off hand. She wasn't able to meet with us and we were given
a very young, good looking staffer to talk with. He listened well enough, but
clearly didn't have a lot of interest in the topic. We moved on.

## Lunch

Lunch was in the House Cafeteria in the Longworth House Office Building. It was
crazy in there! Tons of people from Congressmen to staffers to other people just
like us who were there to meet with their representatives. There was a
particularly large contingent of Veterans from the American Legion present.

{{< picture title="The House Lunchroom" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/OkuXR5fbXZx-4CqR2nPQQJmjgOkGogRJkyG2s1SBn-fI5rV6HVj1SeJtlGUlBjN1Z-6nRp39WBMVnA=w1830-h1372-no" >}}

I thought lunch was very reasonably priced, and they again had Pepsi Max!
My luck was continuing!!!

I found myself wishing that I had studied my House of Representatives Trading
Cards before the trip. I could only imagine that there were a bunch of quasi-famous
people there, and I had no idea who they were...

## Colorado

{{< picture title="Heidi and I outside Congressman Coffman's Office" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/kEuaEQN5mhMSsyveJcOwtTWAkHoFnmGBcJXCq289AEHrtE_YWegNjNJ7j5lwde1QHORCMii9M_qkJg=w1030-h1372-no" >}}

Next was Colorado's turn. We were encouraged that we were actually going to get
to meet with the Congressmam himself, a first for our group today.

I had been in contact with Mike Coffman's office for many months, and had even
met with one of his state staffers on one occasion. I was pleased to find out
that his DC staffer was well aware of the situation. Actually we had recently
been made aware of the office's efforts to pen a letter to the DRC's
Ambassador in DC on our behalf (both us and Heidi).

The meetings went very well. We started with Jason, a staffer that reminded me
a lot of Joe, my brother Brett's brother-in-law (can you follow that?). Very
nice guy and very empathetic. Shortly after the meeting started, though, the
Congressman stopped in and took over the conversation in his own way.
From that point on, the conversation took on its own life, much different than
that of the other meetings we had. Mr. Coffman asked a lot of good questions,
and had some interesting ideas that we hadn't even considered.

After about 10 minutes, though, his scheduler came in and said he had about
30 seconds to wrap this up before he had to go meet with somebody else. We
thought she said it was an HVAC meeting... I suppose it's important to heat
the office buildings...

Halfway through this meeting, a documentary crew showed up and started inserting
themselves into the meeting. At one point they pointed a camera at each of us
and asked if it was OK to film us for their documentary, and they wanted us to
say our names and agree on camera. Most people said it was OK, but I stopped
them and asked what it was they were really doing, what their position would be,
and that I was uncomfortable how they might use the things we said out of
context to spell out a different story than what we were hoping to convey. I've
heard horror stories, and have seen a lot of good documentaries that edit and
stitch information together in such a way as to imply things that may otherwise
not be true, or at least require more context around them to convey the nuance
of the situation. So I said no... That seemed to sway my teammates who also
retracted their agreement. The crew spent about 20 minutes trying to sell us on
the idea, but were ultimately frustrated and left to film another more willing
group. Perhaps I've lost my chance at my 15 minutes...

## Eliot Engel

On our way to our next meeting with Illinois Congressmen Lahood, one of the
women in our group recognized Congressman Eliot Engel from New York who was
part of the Congressional Delegation to DRC mentioned above. I believe he is the
minority chair of the Committee of Foreign Affairs, but don't quote me on that -
sharpen your Google-fu and fact check me here as I'm getting way too long
winded to check myself right now.

Anyway, we barged right into his office, said thank you to him, then chatted
informally with him for a couple of minutes. We left after a couple of photos
and handshakes and went on our way. It's sort of amazing how approachable our
government is, honestly. This guy had no reason to meet with us, could have
blown us off (like Jim Sensenbrenner did to our Cub Scout pack several years
ago, but we'll get into that another time), but he didn't. He, and others like him
 made time and listened. It was very refreshing, honestly.

## Illinois

{{< picture title="Congressman Lahood's Office - Brewery In His District!" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/CioUe5JkCaAnF2-m0q2gmQ2x7h1cu9KkpEjDfFVyaFqerfwQd40EbdANmyaUHaSFZfXeON-IRzvPFA=w1830-h1372-no" >}}

Next up was Congressman Lahood from Illinois. He was newly appointed to office
after his predecessor had to resign for various reasons, so this was mainly
an educational meeting to get him up to speed. I was starting to see a trend
in these people that we had met with, the Congressmen themselves, anyway. They
seemed to line up along a couple of types: the Napoleon, the Adonis, and the
Thespian. I'm sure the best ones aligned along two of these axes. This guy
was definitely in The Adonis category, very tall, very good looking. He listened
well enough, and made reference to some legislation he had been involved with
in Illinois that helped to make completion of adoptions easier in that state,
but otherwise I think we accomplished very little in this meeting.

## California

The last meeting of the day was with Congressman Vargas' office from California.
We started the meeting with two of his staffers, very capable and empathetic
young people, one of which was clearly foreign born, but a "Fellow," which is
a big deal somehow and I need to look it up.

Amy was leading this conversation as it was her district, and the meetings were
going fine, but pretty formal, until Congressman Vargas joined the meeting. He
identified with the Adonis and Thespian axes very effectively, very tall,
very enthusiastic, and immediately took over the room. He sat backwards on a
chair right next to Amy, looked her directly in the eyes, and engaged her in a
way that the entire room was immediately drawn to.

Throughout the conversation, he was very agreeable to our asks and even led us
to believe that his office would lead the charge on one of them, one of the more
elusive asks that we didn't think we were going to get any traction on at all.
He also relayed a story of how he used to run an orphanage in El Salvador when
he was an aspiring priest sometime before he started his political career.
He was a very charismatic person, and if he announced he was running for
president today, I would vote for him without knowing another thing about him.

## Candlelight Vigil and Evening Wind-down

The day ended with a candlelight vigil, a thought I dreaded. We were all supposed
to bring posters of our kids. We printed out a 16x20 picture of Mireille, but
I needed to mount it on something so it wouldn't roll up, so I booked it to
Fedex Office, which looked close, but turned out to be about 1.5 miles away!
I really had to book it to get back to the Vigil in time, and my dogs were
barking afterwards!

{{< picture title="Vigil near the Capital" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/qMqPXPVwlsDDd3fPxL1BCxQ6L5o_zvKT-ZxnUSBhmXitEabaxIkbKtWv4ay0EwRRubtGgKP9_h1TKA=w1030-h1372-no" >}}

The Vigil was fine. It was sad, of course. They read off a list of around 100
children who were still stuck. They then did a little thing with two families
who were matched with kids thad had died while waiting. That was very sad
indeed.

{{< picture title="More People at the Vigil" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/cUvxJwqxq97I4oDmWe0a7APYpPaIOMfSynaR4KFBX9AjdDTaM9KMcytZsYKKPkaCYvTHWii2LbcEiA=w1030-h1372-no" >}}

It was cold and rainy, which moved us with more purpose to get done with the
vigil and on to the Capital City Brewery for supper. Around 25 people met up
there for beers and burgers. It was a nice way to wind down and to meet a few
new people who I hadn't met up to that point.

After supper, I decided to walk back to Elaine's, which was 2 miles away. I
considered Übering at a couple of points, but didn't find a good opportunity.
I really do like walking in the city, and this was no exception, though I'm sure
it was a dumb thing to do on many levels. Some of the areas I walked through
were very isolated, and skirted on areas where muggings and attacks had recently
occurred, but in the end it went fine - nobody hassled me.

{{< picture title="On My Way Back to Elaine's" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/05XwBQ0XCvYO9JXE4cEADmvTI66NGKmBpe6oTIbKZQJddCq31jGk4DBI2x_ZTaanoFm_r9YHoFG6mQ=w1030-h1372-no" >}}

When I finally took my shoes off, I checked my steps for the day - almost
17,000! I made a mental note to tell Quinton. Our record is 22,000 which we
did at Disney the spring before, but he would be happy to hear about getting
_almost_ there.

# Day 2

## Senate Cafeteria and pregame

Day 2 started later than day 1. With no meetings until 11:00, we decided to meet
at 9:30 in the Senate Cafeteria. It was smaller than the house side, but much
nicer. I would have taken a picture, but there were no photos allowed in that
area. I'm sure it's to prevent any sort of malicious plan to taint the food and
give the senators diarrhea.

## Illinois, Senator Kirk's Office

After a quick breakfast and some early morning pleasantries, we headed over to
the Hart Senate Office building for our first meeting of the day. On our way
there we ran into Chad who was talking with the Documentary people. We hustled
past him and got to the fifth floor of a beautiful, modern glass office building
to meet with staffers from Senator Kirk's office.

The staffer had a very good relationship with Shannon, who is from Illinois. In
fact it sounds like she reaches out to Shannon any time there are rumors to
get the real scoop! The meeting was pretty vanilla overall - they really didn't
have much clout to do anything, and were hesitant to even really initiate
letters, but were more than happy to participate if somebody else wrote one!

Maybe the most interesting thing about this office was the fact that Senator
Kirk was the WHIP. Not knowing what it was, I looked it up, and it was pretty
interesting, actually! And, I now understand House of Cards much better!!!

## Gardner (the split)

After the first meeting, our group had to split three ways because we had a lot
of collisions. Heidi and I went to meet with Senator Gardner's office of
CO. Gardner's office was one of the first ones I had met with in CO, so I was
hopeful that it would be a good conversation. It was an OK conversation, but I
was disappointed to find out that the office was not very well versed in the
situation at all. Not sure where communication broke down, but it ultimately
ended up being an educational meeting with a staffer, Trent. I suppose that is
OK, too, since it was a main part of our mission to just keep this issue in
play until it ultimately completed with the kids coming home, but still, I was
hoping for a little more from Senator Gardner.

## Group Meeting with Royce, Ribble, and Mark Meadows

Our next meeting of the day would prove to be the best one from the trip, in my
mind. It was a group meeting with Congressmen from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, led by Chairman Ed Royce, Wisconsin Congressmen Ried Ribble, and
North Carolina Congressmen Mark Meadows.

The meeting was to be held in the Foreign Affairs meeting rooms, which was on
the house side. Our meetings for this day were on the Senate side, however, and
with the rain outside, none of us were very enthused to travel outside and going
back through security. Luckily there is a tunnel, but due to heightened
security, the public typically can't use it... Unless they are escorted by a
member or staffer. As luck would have it, I ran into some people from my group
in the hallway who had obtained an escort from an intern (apparently this is
just one of the many things they do on the hill). The tunnel was pretty
interesting. There was a cart that looked like it was designed by the Walt
Disney Company that drove us from the Senate office buildings to the Capital
building. Then we had to walk like savages from the Capital to the House
office buildings, but it was all done without having to disrobe or go through
metal detectors again. We did have to have all of our bags searched again...
Oh well.

Once in the house building, I ran into Congressmen Coffman on the elevator.
Since he is the first and only Congressmen I recognize, I excitedly engaged him
in conversation. He remembered me from the day before and we had a nice, 30
second small-talk conversation about meetings and the like. I didn't have a
chance to ask him how the HVAC meeting went the other day.

The meeting itself was mainly a rah-rah speech from the three Congressmen and
some key staffers. Ed Royce (who falls along the Napoleon/Thespian axes) led
the meeting and told us about the trip to Kinshasa. Ribble and Meadows did
much the same. It's hard to explain, but it was really a neat feeling to
imagine 7 of the 435 elected officials of all the land spending tens of
thousands of dollars to travel half-way around the world to talk about an issue
that affects around 400 constituents. Surreal, almost.

Royce assured us that all branches of government, including the White House,
were receiving regular updates about this situation. Again, geeking out that
the Chairman of the Committee of Foreign Affairs and the President talk about
my daughter, at least at a summary level. Royce struck me as a professional
politician, but I wouldn't be surprised to see him in a board room anywhere in
corporate America. He clearly was somebody that strove for results before
diplomacy, which is likely something this situation was starving for.

At one point he introduced Amy Porter, a senior staffer, and a man named Warku.
Amy was apparently instrumental in getting this on the Committee's plate, and
she and Warku traveled to Kinshasa over a year ago to engage the government
during the protests. They told the story of how their car window was smashed in
with a brick while they were trying to get to their meetings. Sounded scary.

Warku was a large military looking man who spoke briefly about what he was
doing. His typical focus is on Counter Terrorism in Sub-Saharan Africa, which
sounds so cool! At some point in the last year, however, Royce directed him to
focus on this issue alone.

Finally, some wrap-up politics from Chairman Royce - as an aside, it was very
evident that he preferred the title Chairman versus Congressman - as he
explained his committee's four top priorities, which he listed in this order:

1. ISIS
2. Iran
3. Syria
4. The Adoption Crisis in the Congo

There were several compliments from the entire group as to how effective this
group of parents has been in keeping this topic warm on the Hill for so long.
I was in awe at this point at the people that preceded me in starting this
movement and helped to organize what we were doing now. While I think our meetings
were effective and necessary, the hard work was done prior to this in getting
this on Congress's plate.

As an aside, I was a little surprised, though I'm sure I shouldn't be, at how
cordial all of these Congressmen were to their peers and to the White House.
While it was clear that this was a party issue in this meeting - all three
Congressmen were Republicans, there was a definite respect paid to President
Obama and his office, as well as to the other Congressmen and Senators involved.
Perhaps the media does overblow these things... You think?

## Adoption Caucus

Our next meeting was back on the Senate side, though this time we didn't have
access to an intern to guide us underground, so we walked across the Capital lawn
back to the Senate side.

{{< picture title="The Capital - Under Construction" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/_cq8IcnZYkwuo1_Ga3BIC_mc9sv1zDnJEP4t5WG5mLlFA-6Kxtw_HmNNzi-QAQIk32tkmBA4ACdwNg=w1030-h1372-no" >}}

I honestly only stayed for a couple of minutes as I had another meeting that
conflicted, but the basic gist of the meeting was a focus on adoption policy
and the people that advocate for it. I was pleased to see staffers from
many different offices from both the Senate and House sides. In fact, in
talking with some of the staffers earlier in the day, we were alerted that
they had never before seen an issue that brought representation from both
sides of the Hill to so many briefings as this one. Read-outs from the State
Department and the CoDel trip were heavily attended by both sides.

{{< picture title="Senate Meeting Room" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/cBtwFNQeue6-xmWmXQzcwBoz08ThV-HJxe-YCUA49OTPo2fn8ZNy8FYtqjKE_Sl7iNDz6l0IlLiKiQ=w1830-h1372-no" >}}

## Senator Bennet

I left everybody else to the Adoption Caucus meeting while Chad and I went
down to meet Rocio from Senator Bennet's office. It has been difficult to get
this office engaged from my earlier dealings with them, but I think that was
because they were already heavily involved prior to my contacting them.
We met with Rocio, who was _very_ well versed in the subject. We didn't have to
do any educating at all and got right to our asks, which she dutifully noted
and even said they would be willing to initiate one of them on our behalf.

On as side note, our mode of operation was to have the constituent really lead
the meeting, even though Chad was far more qualified and well spoken in almost
every case. Since Heidi was going to head to the airport, I was left to field
this meeting on my own, and I am happy to report that I maintained my composure,
only tearing up one time, and delivered a well structured, easy to follow
dialog. I was very pleased with my recovery from the day before!

## Washington Senator Maria Cantwell

Our last meeting of the trip was with Washington Senator Cantwell's office.
Most of our group had to leave to catch planes, so it was down to three of us
to field this one, even though none of us was a constituent. So Chad took the
lead and basically walked them through our asks. This was probably one of the
more professional staffer groups we had met with. They were right on top of
what we were asking, even guessing it prior to our asking. They were quite
efficient, if not super empathetic or emotional. In the end, it was sort of a
vanilla meeting, but again, one of the main missions was to keep the topic
warm, and I think in that we succeeded.

## Decompress

At the end of the day, we wound our way through some lobbyists (who Chad
secretly despises) and congregated in the lobby. We bid farewell to Chad and
Pete, Chad's peer. Amy, Shannon, and I went to Union Station for a beer and
a burger and to meet up with Sarah from Arkansas, apparently the only family
left from Arkansas.

{{< picture title="Across from Union Station - the CO Flag!" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tfe2BzXrfAJMOuJWvsjsIQcmoO1t_45sCHV08t4nsC_PdQFEQ7Qhc73EVud_RTd2lHjWbW24lVmPbw=w1030-h1372-no" >}}

After saying good-bye and promising to keep in touch, and after allowing a freak,
loud thunderstorm to pass overhead, I headed back to Elaine's, much earlier than
the night before to write notes and have a beer with my hosts.

A fitful night of sleep was interrupted at 5:00 AM Eastern (3:00 AM Mountain) so
I could make my 7:00 AM flight from Reagan National. The flight back was
easy and short, landing a full 45 minutes early because of weaker than normal
head-winds.

Jenny picked me up on the curb outside of the luggage claim and my trip was
over. I sit here now, back in DC, waiting for my daughter to show up some
three short hours from now. If you've made it this far in the dialog,
congratulations! You are getting a sneak peak at the next chapter of this blog
where Mireille finally gets to come to the US. I hesitate to say she gets to
come **home**. It's not her home. Not yet, anyway. But I will get into those
touchy topics in my next post. For now, though, I will say that she was one of
the 159 that were granted permission to get exit letters, and she is now on
a flight from Brussels to Dulles where I will pick her up and deliver her to
her new family in Colorado tomorrow morning! I'm scared out of my wits.

## Epilogue

* I can't say how amazed and impressed I am with the people that started this
and kept it going all these years. Without their efforts, it is likely nothing
would have ever happened, and these adoptions may never have gone through. I
owe them a huge debt of gratitude.
* Even though I felt like I did a fine job in my role on the Hill and as an
advocate within my state, I was merely a benefactor of other's very hard work.
I was very proud to be a part of that group, but ultimately the credit needs to
go to them - and I don't even know specifically who they are. I think Jenny
does, so I will have her thank them for me!
* Many people mentioned how unusual it was for Congress to be paying so much
close attention to this type of issue. Sure, it was an unprecedented issue,
but think of all of the hugely complex issues facing our foreign relations
today. They complemented on how well organized, how passionate, and how
unified we were. I give credit to Kelly and some key individuals from the
group who have orchestrated this. Again, I was very much the benefactor of
their tireless work.
* The days on the hill were surreal in a way. Here we were talking to some of
the most powerful people in the land, and they were talking to us, doing things
on our behalf. It is humbling and, in a very sappy way, makes me proud to be
an American citizen. I mean, think about it. Of the 300 million people there
are in this country, and all that's going on in the world with terrorism and
WMDs and Donald Trump, our government still took a lot of time and energy to support us, some
400 people. 400 - of 300 Million. That's pretty remarkable, I think.

As I gush about our government and how proud I am, yada yada, I leave you with
this quote that I like that is attributed to Winston Churchill, quoting an
unknown third party.

> Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others."

> \- _Winston Churchill, quoting an unknown source_

## Special Thanks!

* Elaine, Alan, and their family (John, too) for sharing their house, and
for the younger ones for giving up their room for me to use essentially as a
hotel for three nights.
* The team that put this all together. Really incredible.
* Those that have been involved in this, putting together this movement from
the start. This is a real template for how something can get done if you are
clear in your ask, united in your efforts, organized, and tireless. This
happened not really because of a few people, though their prodding and
examples served as an impetus, but because the government was bombarded from
all angles, at all times, tirelessly. It was not allowed to die on the vine
and was constantly brought up. They, in turn, did the same to the Congo, who
appears to finally be ready to have this done with once and for all.
