---
categories: ["Family"]
description: ""
draft: false
slug: ""
tags: ["career","brandon"]
date: 2020-02-27T11:35:19-07:00
title: "So - I got a new job..."
---

It doesn't happen very often, thankfully, but I started a new job this month! It also doesn't happen very often that I blog about myself. Both good things, I think!

At the beginning of February, I started a new job with Twilio. Headquartered in San Francisco, I'm actually working in Downtown Denver where one of the largest non-HQ offices is located. There are so many new things that I'm experiencing, which is sort of the point, I guess. For one, It's been a long time since I've worked at a company with more than 500 employees (Twilio has ~3000). Also, it's been a LONG time since I've worked downtown anywhere, and the first time I've worked in downtown Denver. The obvious complication is commuting, which is something I'm still experimenting with. Denver is progressive enough to have a Light Rail system, which I've been taking advantage of. Jenny's actually been kind enough to ferry me between the house and the light rail station a few miles from our house, so even two weeks in I can already feel my driving skills start to erode!

While I wouldn't call it a trauma, changing jobs is definitely change, and not just for me, but for the whole family. Schedules and routines are comforting, but now those are all up in the air. Starting a new job comes with a _bunch_ of new questions around how flexible they are willing to be with me as well, so Jenny's definitely taking on more load while I find my new boundaries.

All told, though, I think it was a good move. Twilio offers me a lot of career building opportunities that would have been tough to get if I had remained at my last job. What I will use those opportunities for, who knows! But at the age I've reached, I've learned that you miss 100% of thte shots you don't take (or something equally as cliché), so we'll see where this takes me. Wish me, and my family in particular, luck!
