---
categories: ["Family"]
description: ""
draft: false
slug: ""
tags: ["vacation"]
date: 2021-06-24T08:17:57-06:00
title: "Epic RVing with the Gradys - Day 0 and 0.5 - The Preamble"
---
It's been an undeniably weird year. About 8 months ago, having been cooped up just like everybody else, I made a bold claim to Quinton that we should do an RV trip and that we would buy an RV. I'm still not sure what I was thinking, but like I said, it's been a weird year! For awhile, I honestly looked at ways to make good on that strange claim. In January, though, Jenny helped me come to my senses and we decided it would be better to rent an RV. Yes, they are expensive to rent, but they are more expensive to buy, and then you have to store them, maintain them, and keep paying for them whether you like them or not! So we decided, even if it would cost us 10% of what it would to purchase, it would be better to just do that, get a really nice RV, and really put ourselves to the test of whether we are "RV People" or not.

Jenny did a great job of getting out in front of all of the rest of the country with similar ideas. We were able to secure an RV and Jenny plotted out a 21 day trip throughout the north and west of the country - a variation on a vacation we had planned pre-COVID anyway. 

So this is it. On Wednesday we finally picked up Harvee, our RV (that's what I've named him). We had to get him in Commerce City, about 20 miles north of where we live. Quinton, I think, was the most excited. He's always had a dream of getting places while laying down, so an RV really suits his lifestyle.

Of course, this trip doesn't come without its craziness. We have sold our house and purchased a new one! It wasn't really planned that way, but since we had planned the RV trip back in January, and we ended up finding a house we liked in April, well, the timing wasn't great. So up until Friday (during this trip) we own two houses, hopeing to sell one of them just prior to our departure.

{{< picture title="Picking up Harvee" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/ACtC-3ddG80vNjwtoUBK0ElD8wOfy4XaotNajcq4ea9cdwD42utTX-klnOcf6oUzrIwaz6y6_4tsVe92-iE8PDsDUE-JtLfgJ_n7CmJ16Ld260WbVEGsBJtuuKmiZY2JXnsbJXNkey-HpqrzWL-FMRHwKcKwXg=w2596-h1946-no" >}}

The trip back from Commerce City wasn't great... It was rush hour, and this was the first time I was driving this particular beast. Jenny was quick to remind me that I have driven plenty of U-Hauls and boats on trailers, so this shouldn't be too bad, and all in all it wasn't. Just the TRAFFIC! At one point it took me 20 minutes to ge through 3 lights, all of which I could see from the prior. Sometimes I really hate how Colorado has their traffic lights timed! The kids were excited to ride with me, but less so when they found out how hot it was in there!

We made it home, much later than expected. I was supposed to be on a meeting at 4:00 but we didn't get there until 5:00... Oh well, vacation starts a little earlier than anticipated, I guess! Speaking of, this will officially be the longest time I will have not worked consecutively since I started working when I was 22. I'm excited about the prospect. Hopefully I forget how!

{{< picture title="This photo pretty much sums up our summer" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/ACtC-3czR6g2mo-Eeq3Ai1yV9AWdasXxU4MwfSABXlF2J46x7uqCKrPpwTI9ah1mKFeC6Oli_mS3pd0YdNoWBUVIN0TxfVTiLpFvUBvxbgiJ8am10rea8qXXlbYakmHVLmKfhiO7UHoBI9t3SAygadOhCoLU1A=w3012-h1696-no" >}}

We were lucky to get to pick Harvee up a day early. Jenny and Mireille used the time wisely to pack it full of our stuff - all of which I'm guessing we will need at some point in our 21 day adventure! Quinton managed to sneak out there to have lunch and to watch a show on his iPad. Again, he is very excited for this trip!

{{< picture title="Mireille helps to pack Harvee up" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/ACtC-3fyV5wn9V95rnmE_TuMrFOQh3DpMbcFzLF_Hq3hmpOwcH5rl4-YNvDqyAk8BVSI1QVmAibfQUCr-eKa8IkcBAedw7hyvPg5uqtFm1QKsATj5HkOTgY_7I6IVYu4tC8WRtINkJDo_RVm6PLn_z6eQ2VVXA=w3012-h1696-no" >}}

Later in the day, Maylee and Steve came over to meet Harvee and to help us cristen the vessel.

{{< picture title="Christening our vessel" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/ACtC-3etdu5j6O6abo_MgiRXcUvjNvu6RJIeVLXqVl6yYCx5IpBbX62DeMtveq63uGx0OF_pmF3lNJma6vCOFbvhpq5b3wEnzY9FHgRdQiN2Ckxc-soD_DH_b2Ta6vYqkd9QWFSYl2WOl6R1vp1uyuMm-HF0_w=w3012-h1696-no" >}}

