---
categories: ["Family"]
description: ""
draft: false
slug: ""
tags: ["gadgets"]
date: 2023-06-23T08:03:43-06:00
title: "Hey Mo!"
---
Jenny's been looking at robot vacuum cleaners for awhile. Strangely, I've been against them. I'm not sure what it was about them, but I didn't think they would be able to handle our floors. Our first floor has a mixture of wood and high pile carpet along with rugs and the like - I just figured a robot vacuum would struggle.

Then my brother bought one. Rocky, his robot's name, is a fixture in his house now, and from what I can tell, is doing a serviceable job on his new hard floors! So I started to soften and do some research to see what the big deal was.

As we were converging on Jenny's 50th birthday last week, I thought it would be fun to get her a vacuum. Fun because she had been looking at it for so long but not pulling the trigger herself. I will say now that I was wrong about her thinking it was a fun gift - she did not! But she got it anyway, and now we have Mo!

Mo is a Shark robot vacuum. It's not a high end model by any stretch, but I figured we could invest a little to try it out initially before investing heavily in a higher end robot. After some initial issues getting Mo to connect to my network, we eventually pushed him off on his maiden voyage. And you know what? He did a decent job! He spent several hours going over different parts of the floors many hours, and I was very surprised at how much hair he was able to remove from the floors! There are still some eccentricities - right now he's sitting on his dock charging for unknown reasons, his charge level is 90%, but we'll let him do his thing and see how he continues to integrate into the pulse of the house.

Happy Birthday, Jenny!

{{< picture title="Mo!" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AJFCJaWCfPdUYs1Tv1R773_QO0jMzv6OvZ54_iYLib6KH45cCSWQGKIn77nmRMin2_kEysqiEEGTvuJ6L0or9h_jDLsOfdre7oSLoSBDZ9k7ksGoKupSHZkiAaJVGkriMJhGjzeYthE60bdxFUFadvw0QzSTkg=w1074-h1910-s-no" >}}