---
categories: ["Family"]
description: ""
draft: false
slug: ""
tags: ["kids","mireille"]
date: 2023-05-10T09:38:11-06:00
title: "Hair"
---
Hair is really important to my daughter. This is something I learned early on in her life with us. When she came to us from Congo, she had extensions in her hair and, though she coudln't say anything in English, she conveyed very clearly that she liked them. She wasn't very happy when we took them out a few days later (well, she wasn't very happy about anything, really).

Over the years, she has been very vocal about wanting long hair and the types of things she would do with it. Jenny has done wonders caring for Mireille's hair, but there's just not much you can do with hair as curly as hers to make it long like she wanted it!

One option for people in Mireille's predicament is to get extensions braided into your hair. We had this done one other time, and Mireille loved it! That was a couple of years ago, now, and she was anxious to do it again. For the last few months, she has been studying YouTube videos of different hair techniques, and recently she started pestering me to talk to Diamond, her stylist, who happens to live with Quinton's barber, to see if she could do some extensions. She had picked out a style that she wanted and everything.

Finally, about 2 weeks ago, we chatted with Diamond and agreed to setup an appointment for the following weekend (this is a multi-hour process). Mireille sent a photo of the style that she was looking for, and we setup a time for 9:00 AM On Sunday to have the sitting.

For the rest of the week, it was all Mireille talked about. She was planning out the day in her head. She packed a backpack with things to do for the long process, she planned out snacks to take, she even spent time deciding what she was going to wear. It was adorable.

Finally, the day came, and everything went as planned. She and Diamond spent 4.5 hours treating and braiding her hair, and the end result was just what she was looking for! Now we have the problem of her playing with it so much that it might not last as long as it otherwise could... Kids!!!


{{< picture title="" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AJFCJaX7ABUqtvV2K0NCkIBYJctDYNcMul7SzV9vz6Y3WpNDNCNg1AYXSGJqVlNCJpIl-0NdmnlwxqXJ9I9w6qWDDXPnEzT_zp9pNWavU7Fhw13T5UYYn346O9wmm8rd9F6IOs1IBbmp3rkENvRqwPEEhuKHNQ=w1432-h1910-s-no" >}}

{{< picture title="" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AJFCJaUfhHuyXkm8Av7XWA6UGYw9k8Yw0Nsy_kZN1X8_powsl6oOc5Kflesx4IeVAQCLuMN1Nke6hrW11YhYBM4y80Y0KJZOg5fYiqH18QGbXGRnSaCm6EeBfsXNIIuxPtvhneYdbUWzknBDfSVePJBVSttL2g=w1432-h1910-s-no" >}}

{{< picture title="" height="400px" src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AJFCJaVUKdIaXIaBMh7KIuOb4VVGNwpTssTNug4VxFgzeVUbAHe4DM-EVyeQm_Q-4dezdeSoBY47g1sG_RW-OxmdgxOrlpad7q-X9DukaZA1o4vN7nEPNtlTLeOfI-40ZDhfZFkiY2ZDK86UQD9BOCWtgesQ2Q=w1074-h1910-s-no" >}}