+++
title = "Kalahari in the Dells"
date = 2005-11-03T22:24:00Z
updated = 2005-11-06T19:25:37Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Brandon Grady"
	uri = "https://plus.google.com/115749026413078959590"
+++

<p class="MsoNormal">We went to Wisconsin Dells with the Abholds on Thursday afternoon.<span style="">  </span>My parents obtained a free night stay since they were treated badly at the Kalahari.<span style="">  </span>They gave us the free night stay, so we traded it in for $129 off of a suite.<span style="">  </span>Not a bad deal.<o:p></o:p></p> <p class="MsoNormal"><o:p></o:p>If you’re not familiar with the Kalahari, it is a huge hotel and conference center with a large indoor and outdoor water park attached.<span style="">  </span>We’ve taken Ethan to this water park in the past when my parents were staying there, but this is the first time we’ve stayed there ourselves.<span style="">  </span>The first thing we did when we got there, then, was to put our swimsuits on and head over to the water park.</p> <p class="MsoNormal">Ethan’s first order of business was to run around like a crazy person in the wave pool.<span style="">  </span>This kept him occupied for a half an hour or so, but soon he decided we had to explore the other regions of the water park.<span style="">  </span>After a minimal amount of searching, we found the kid’s area with an immense rain structure surrounded by fiberglass animals and water slides.<span style="">  </span>Now this was fun.<span style="">  </span>Ethan started out going down the smaller slides and playing around the fiberglass animals.<span style="">  </span>After awhile he discovered a slightly bigger slide that he was happy to go down for quite awhile.<span style="">  </span>All the while Ethan was vaguely aware of some bigger slides on the other side of the structure.</p> <p class="MsoNormal">After about 15 minutes going down the smaller slides, Ethan walked over and discovered the “lizard” slide.<span style="">  </span>He checked it out on several occasions.<span style="">  </span>He would walk over, look at the slide, check out some of the people getting off, then leave and go down the smaller slide again.<span style="">  </span>He did this about 4 times before he came over and found me and asked me to help him find the lizard slide.<span style="">  </span>Half way up to get to the lizard slide he changed his mind and decided to go on the smaller slide again.<span style="">  </span>After another 5 minutes, he did the whole thing over again from the start.<span style="">  </span>This time we made it all the way to the top of the slide.<span style="">  </span>He got in line, sat down on the slide, then decided he didn’t want to do it again, so he got off.<span style="">  </span>After a couple of words of encouragement, he sat down at the head of the slide again, and this time he went down.<span style="">  </span>Jenny was waiting at the bottom for him.<span style="">  </span>I don’t know what he looked like getting off the slide, but when I met him at the top again he was smiling from ear to ear.<span style="">  </span>He told me “I didn’t cry at all!”<o:p> </o:p></p>   <p class="MsoNormal">Tomorrow we’re going to try to get him to go down the bigger slides that Jenny and I can go down. </p>
