+++
title = "The things kids will say..."
date = 2006-06-25T16:41:00Z
updated = 2006-06-25T16:51:27Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Brandon Grady"
	uri = "https://plus.google.com/115749026413078959590"
+++

First joke...<br /><br />Ethan told me his first real joke the other day.  Here it is...  "Why is the corn stalk mad?  -Because people are always pulling on their ears!"  Of course he followed this up with "Why is the bear mad?  -Because people are always pulling their hair!"  So maybe he doesn't have that great of a sense of humor...<br /><br />Clowns...<br /><br />It was Jenny's birthday a last week.  Ethan and I were outside waiting for her to go roller blading.  While we were waiting, I started talking to Ethan about Jenny's birthdy present.  Here's how the conversation went down.<br /><br />Daddy - "Hey Ethan, you know it's mommy's birthday this week, don't you?"<br />Ethan - "Yeah."<br />Daddy - "What do you think we should get her?"<br />Ethan - "Maybe a pretty necklace or something."<br />Daddy - "That's a good idea"  <span style="font-style: italic;">mommy enters </span>"Shh, don't tell mommy what we were talking about!"<br />Ethan - <span style="font-style: italic;">nods</span><br />Mommy - "What were you guys talking about?"<br />Daddy - "Um, clouds..."<br />Ethan - "Yeah, clowns."<br />Mommy - <span style="font-style: italic;">confused</span> "Clowns?"<br />Ethan - "Yeah, like they're funny and stuff.  And they have funny noses."<br />Mommy and Daddy - <span style="font-style: italic;">laughing</span><br />Ethan - "We weren't talking about your birthday present."<br /><br />When I'm 16...<br /><br />Last weekend, Grandpa and Grandma Grady were down to visit for a couple of days while Grandpa had a convention.  They brought down their old truck which they are going to be keeping here on a permanent basis.  Ethan loves this truck.  I'm not sure how it transpired, but Grandpa has apparently promised it to him when he's 16.  He was later talking to Grandma about when he could have the truck, and said, "not until I'm 16, right?"  Grandma nodded.  Then Ethan said, "Do you think Grandpa thinks I'm 16 already?"<br /><br />Everybody is naked...<br /><br />Today, Ethan told Jenny and I that he was going to start a band and it was going to be called "Everybody is naked," and everybody in the band had to be naked.  We actually thought that would be a pretty good name for a band.  He got the idea when we were listening to the "Barenaked Ladies" during lunch...
